\documentclass[12pt, a4paper]{article}

\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\graphicspath{ {./images/} }

\title{User manual for a 3D viewer}

\author{cgreebne and bgreydon}

\date{October 14 2022}


\begin{document}

% Contents
\maketitle

\pagebreak

\tableofcontents

\pagebreak


% Brief introduction page
\section{brief introduction}

The graphical interface of the 3D viewer is written using the qt graphical library.
Model viewer was developed and tested on the Linux with kde and gnome graphical shell of the desktop environment.

The program provide the ability to show only one model on the screen at a time.
The program provide the ability to:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Load a wireframe model from an obj file (vertices and surfaces list support only);
    \item Translate the model by a given distance in relation to the X, Y, Z axes;
    \item Rotate the model by a given angle in relation to its X, Y, Z axes;
    \item Scale the model by a given value.
  \end{itemize}

The program has the functionality of exporting the current frame to Jpeg Bmp format.
Also, the program can record the 3D viewer screen for 5 seconds.
Recording will start 1 second after pressing the record button.
The result will be a gif image with a frame rate 10.
\pagebreak


% Affine transformations page
\section{affine transformations}

The 3D viewer has buttons for interacting with the model:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Moving the model at a specified distance from the current position relative to the X, Y, Z axes;
    \item Rotate the model by a specified from the current angle relative to the X, Y, Z axes;
    \item Scale the model relative to the base size of the model.
  \end{itemize}
\pagebreak


% Settings page
\section{settings}
The setting is saved between program restarts.

The program allows you to configure the following graphic elements of the model:
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Projection type;
    \item Background color;
    \item Wireframe color;
    \item Wireframe type;
    \item Wireframe thickness;
    \item Vertices display type;
    \item Vertices color;
    \item Vertices size.
  \end{itemize}
\pagebreak


\end{document}
